this little beauty is a Formula three
car both Lewis Hamilton and Michael
Schumacher raced in one of these on
route to the glitz and glamour of
Formula One so the competition in
Formula three is really fierce
back in 2006 testosterone was racing
almost as fast as the cars when James
Winslow saw his rival quite literally
fly past him the Asian Formula three
championship in 2006 in Indonesia
the firm favorite to win this race was
Britt James Winslow who was on fine form
having won the last four races it was a
five race weekend in Jakarta and I
managed to qualify on pole position the
cars capable of winning every race it's
just whether I make a mistake or not so
just got to not make any mistakes
minimize all mistakes and maximize what
the car can do but all eyes were on the
local boy marina soprano who grew up
just meters from this very racetrack I
always said we fixed the car this a
little bit they mention in my car but
try to get in getting faster faster
James was in the running for the Formula
three title so he was hyped for the race
I'm already making a particularly good
start so I went from first down a second
for the first corner
I've got morena to prod so very close
behind me in my slipstream the sort of
spin through hit they would probably be
165 miles an hour and then the braking
point is just after you reach top speed
still on the first lap the drivers power
down the street jostling for position
but then disaster strikes and the moment
I touch the brakes I can feel that
slight think in the rear of my car
when he's actually hit the rear of my
car and the front of the wing has gone
up it's acted more like a plane so he's
actually like taking off the next thing
I know I look up in the air and I could
see Moreno he's actually upside down and
overtaking me over the top of my head
upside down
he's ripped off the rear wing off of my
car as well some white cars spun out of
control as well and ended up in the
gravel quite near where he's come come
to rest
James realized his friend was in trouble
Marino's car had smashed into the
barrier trapping him inside he runs to
help his friend I could tell this was a
huge accident so the first thing was in
my mind was that Moreno was okay cards
some assorted rolled over and he could
have broken a leg he could have been
unconscious I just wanted to get in
there and do anything I could I could
see that morena wasn't actually gonna be
able to get other car on his own and my
jumps are up into the time Berrien tries
to leave him myself with my legs up on
the on the Burien tried to push the car
over onto its wheels and whilst doing
that managed to push the car like a few
inches away from the barrier which was
just enough room for me to slap myself
down between the car and the barrier
which gave me then access to Moreno so I
could kind of help him with your
seatbelts there wasn't enough room to
get my crash helmet below the car and
the barrier so I was kind of just
feeling around in the car and doing
whatever I could are in it with no
thought for his own safety James
struggles to help his friend and rival
Moreno escape at this point there was
fuel pumping all over absolute worst
case of are any fuel pumping all over
born in high engine I knew it was gonna
burst into flames any moment I'm
actually turn the fuel pump off I
thought I'd buy some more time
but the vapor had ignited then and then
we were actually on fire it's now like a
mad rush to go out as quick as we can
I've hopped out the top and he's crawled
underneath the car
I'm not sure having you know how we
managed to get through that hole it was
very small but think about
from the moment we actually ran away
from the car the seat was already on
fire
I think Reina just had some light burns
around his neck but the moment we were
out that it was on fire at that moment
it was that it was as close as you get
one more second you had more burns ten
more seconds it would've been pretty
horrific
the whole for fun when I three-card
spent its and nothing within I think
twenty minutes you can even see any
anything from the wheels to the tires to
the carbon fiber cockpit everything is
completely gone it was as amazing I
think when he shalt make me like wake up
like make me awake and then he said you
have to go get out from the carbon and
he decide to pull me out when I'm stuck
brain I needed to get out of that car as
quickly as he could
how could anyone stand round and watch a
friend burn alive I don't know I have
done anything I could to I've got my car
I have really big things
thanks for him but that wasn't the end
of the drama for James that day normally
what happens in racing is that you then
restart the race I kind of gave myself
like 20-30 minutes to have some emotion
and get over everything and then switch
it all off and get back on with your job
which is you know to jump back in the
car and win the race I managed to take
back my apology
I managed to make a good start got away
the lead pulled away and managed to win
the race which was pretty good
you